welcome to the man of recaps this is the walking
dead seasons 1 through 10 leading up to the 11th
and final season that's right the first part of
the walking dead's final season is almost here
and it looks like it's going to be epic if you've
ever been a fan of the show now is the time to get
back into it so get caught up with this recap
then sign up for amc plus click the link in the
description to start your free trial and join in
for the beginning of the end of the walking dead
now on to the recap meet rick grimes he's a cop
down in georgia who one day gets shot in the line
of duty and winds up in a coma when he wakes
up civilization has collapsed and the dead are
a walk-in yes he slept right through the zombie
apocalypse he goes home to find his family instead
he meets morgan jones a nice guy who gives him the
rules on how zombies work if you get bit you turn
into one head shots are the only way to take them
out for good they are attracted to noise though
so avoid guns when possible and most importantly
they never actually say zombie in this show every
group has a different name for them but our group
mostly calls them walkers so rick says cool thanks
man maybe i'll catch you later and now works on
a mission to find his family riding a horse into
the ruins of atlanta epic shot turns out though
major cities are not where you want to be because
densely populated areas are now densely packed
with zombies luckily we're saved by a friendly
guy glenn who introduces him to our season 1 ogs
there's andrea t-dog and merle who's a real a-hole
picks a fight with t-dog but sheriff rick's here
to lay down the law handcuffs them to the roof to
cool off but now the group is trapped so they come
up with a disgusting plan to rub zombie guts all
over themselves yes if you smell like the dead the
zombies kind of ignore you more on this later then
as the group's leaving t-dog accidentally drops
the handcuff key down the drain sorry man you
suck anyway merle's abandoned on the roof this
group has a nice campsite outside the city and
wouldn't you know it rick's family is here he's
reunited with his wife lori and his son carl aka
coral his best friend and partner shane is here
too but while they thought rick was dead he and
laurie started getting it on now that rick's back
though lori puts an end to that real quick in this
group his old man dale who owns the rv and mostly
stands on top of it keeping watch then there's
carol the meek little housewife who has an abusive
husband and there's daryl merle's hot-headed
younger brother who's a real cool hunter type with
a crossbow he is not happy they left his brother
handcuffed to the roof but when they go down to
rescue him he's already gone oh he found a saw
and cut his hand off to escape one night at camp a
bunch of zombies get in and eat all the background
characters including andrea's sister amy who comes
back as a zombie and oh it's traumatizing andrea's
gotta put her down carol's abusive husband though
not sad good riddance so with the camp not safe
anymore the group hits the road they go to the
center for disease control hoping it's still up
and running looking for a cure unfortunately it's
not there's only one scientist left alive they
never even got close to a cure and the group
showed up just in time this place is about to
self-destruct so our group gets out of there boom
and they leave the cdc a smoking ruin in season
two our group hits a traffic jam and a whole herd
of zombies are coming they hide under the cars but
carol's daughter sophia gets spotted and has to
run away and they can't find her they do find a
deer but oh what carl gets shot girl yeah it was
a random hunting accident from this guy who lived
nearby on herschel's farm conveniently herschel
is a doctor well a veterinarian but close enough
to save carl he needs more meds though so shane
and this guy go on a run to get him but on the
way back they're swarmed they're not gonna make
it so sheen's like sorry guy i pick carl over you
shoots him in the leg uses him as zombie bait
to get away hardcore shane then shane shaves his
head to reflect his new hardcore persona so carl
survives rick gives him a sheriff's hat which he
never takes off for the rest of the series so if
he is still missing though so the search continues
and it's daryl who's the mvp here with his
survivalist track and skills and we get to see his
softer side here he really bonds with the grieving
mother carol these two become best friends hershel
has a daughter maggie who goes on a run to town
with glenn he finds the last box of condoms and
maggie's like well it's the apocalypse why not
but these two fall in love and aren't together
the rest of the series then there's a problem when
herschel's barn is full of zombies yeah he doesn't
admit their daddy thinks they're sick and will one
day be cured shane is like oh hell no and leads
the group on a zombie barn massacre and turns
out zombie sofia has been in there the whole time
oh it's tragic rick and jane argue over this but
shane's like rick you're too soft for this world
there's no good and bad anymore the right decision
is the one that keeps us alive meanwhile laurie
finds out she's pregnant so she tells rick about
her and shane which was fair they thought he was
dead but shane's not letting it go laurie can't
take two steps this season without shane coming
onto her in fact back at the cdc shane got
drunk and stepped way over the line so these
best friends continue to butt heads one day they
meet some strangers who teach him the lesson you
can't trust anyone in the zombie apocalypse
long story short they end up with a prisoner
and the group takes a vote on what to do with them
dale's the only one who's like we can't kill this
guy we gotta be good people unfortunately that
night a zombie gets in and bites stale oh r.i.p
dale and eric decides to let this guy live and
shane doesn't approve he takes him out to the
woods and kills him then roughs his face ups as
the prisoner escaped so they go out searching for
him and shane leads rick to a deserted meadow
yeah he's gonna kill him it's like rick you're
too soft you can't keep your family safe so i'm
gonna do it for you but maybe rick's not too soft
because oh sneaky knife stabs his former best
friend r.i.p shane but shane doesn't stay dead
what how's that possible he wasn't bit turns
out there's a secret rick learned back at the
cdc that he finally shares with the group everyone
is infected the bite just gives you a fever that
kills you but no matter how you die everyone comes
back that same night a zombie heard shows up beats
the rest of the background characters and our
group leaves the farm a smoking ruin everyone's
arguing about what to do next but rick's in no
mood he's like look this ain't a democracy anymore
it's a rictator ship so in season three the
group's on the road they're really rough and it's
eating dog food but soon they hit the jackpot when
they find a prison with real tall fences that once
kept prisoners in now it'll keep the zombies out
first they have to clear all the walkers already
inside and our groups become expert zombie killers
now but there's always danger herschel gets bit on
the leg and rick has to amputate hoping to stop
the infection which luckily works so life at the
prison's good for a while but zombies always get
in and no one gets t-dog ript dog and wouldn't you
know what the baby's coming right now maggie's
gotta do an emergency c-section baby judith is
okay but laurie dies r.i.p laurie and young carl
has to shoot his mom in the head before she turns
oh it's traumatizing no coral rex dramatized
two he spends a few episodes hallucinating lori
and is generally unhinged meanwhile andrea got
separated from the group back at the farm she
gets saved though by someone with a katana and
zombies chained to them what this is michonne
the katana wielding badass her walker bodyguards
act as camouflage similar to the guts trick and
since she cut out their mouths they can't bite
her one day they're too noisy though she has to
kill him but it doesn't help they're still found
by merle yes he survived and now has an awesome
knife hand he takes them to the town of woodbury
a huge successful survivors community because
they built big walls and seems like an amazing
happy place it's led by a handsome charismatic
man they call the governor he's like hey you
guys are welcome to stay and andrea is like
yeah of course in fact these two start hooking up
but michonne doesn't trust this guy decides to go
off on her own of course she was right he is a
bad dude and immediately sends merle to go kill
her instead merle finds maggie and glenn it's like
hey man sorry about the handcuff roof thing but he
takes him prisoner and instead of the friendly
welcome andrea got he gives them the decidedly
unfriendly welcome michonne finds the prison fills
the group in they go for a rescue mission where
michonne finds another of the governor's secrets
he's got a zombie daughter yeah he refuses to
accept she's really gone it's like don't hurt her
but she's like man this a zombie and all katana
this pushes him over the edge he's full crazy now
and in their ensuing fight michonne oh stabs him
in the eye that's okay though he gets to wear an
eye patch now which just makes him look cooler
merle tries to join our crew but no one wants him
there except his brother daryl to earn his keep
merle goes on a solo assassination mission but
oh he misses the governor and the governor does
not miss so when daryl arrives he finds zombie
merle you were a bad guy but still my brother
r.i.p merle and one episode morgan is back but
he's crazy now tries to kill everyone on site so
now the governor's right into war busts in there
guns blazing but our group's ready for him and
manages to chase him off the governor is like
hey you cowards turn back and fight but they're
like wait we're not soldiers we're just civilians
but he's crazy and all mows them all down also we
found out andrea betrayed him left her there with
a zombie so when the group gets there oh she's bit
r.i.p andrea so in season four the group takes in
all the woodbury survivors most notably tyrese and
his sister sasha we learned the three interview
questions to see if you can join the group how
many walkers are killed how many people he killed
and why rick's trying to get some farming going
but when a pig gets sick some people catch the pig
flu when tyrese goes to visit his girlfriend and
quarantine oh someone has killed her and the
killer is carol who hoped to stop the spread
yes carol is no longer the meek house wife we knew
she's a hardened survivor secretly teaching the
kids to use knives she's like look rick i did
what had to be done for the good of the group
but rick's like yo that wasn't your call to make
you are banished and it didn't work anyway thus
sickness spreads all the rest of the extras die
luckily our main characters all make it but now
there's a new threat because the governor is
back after the battle he went home and left
woodbury a smoking ruin he wandered the earth
grew depression beard met some sisters who had a
daughter that renewed his will to live ended up in
a new camp that notably had a tank so he decided
he should be in charge he took the tank and some
hostages over to the prison and to show he means
business oh beheaded herschel no rip herschel
so it's governor fight round two tank boogaloo
daryl busts out his sick call of duty skills
takes out the tank no problem and the governor
oh katana through the chest governor is defeated
so our group survives but they're all split up and
they've left the prison a smoking ruin rick's out
of commish for a while and with no dad rules carl
eats a whole tub of pudding but when rick's back
in action he's not messing around he's kill you
first ask questions later shane would be proud in
fact it's right here when rick puts on his famous
murder jacket so named because he becomes a feral
beast who bites people's necks out tyreese made it
out with baby judith and meets up with some more
kids and carol who decides not to tell him she
killed his girlfriend they find a map to terminus
which claims to be a safe place unfortunately
though one of these girls is crazy and thinks
zombies are friends in fact she kills her sister
so she can have a fun sister zombie friend oh
god what do you do here and it's the famous
scene look at the flowers as carol puts her down
daryl winds up with beth who is maggie's younger
sister she tried to kill herself in season two but
now she's a hard survivor so far though she's been
a bit of a background character mostly just holds
judith while rick's busy she and daryl find some
moonshine so they get drunk and have a big fight
then have a good cry then burn their house down
you know as you do they get separated though when
beth is abducted by a random car and more on that
later maggie and glenn got separated too by the
way last season he stole an engagement ring from a
zombie and proposed cute she's off looking for him
but turns out glenn was still at the prison there
he finds tara one of the sisters the governor
befriended she's the snarky one they work together
to escape and soon find a new group abraham's
a funny bad-mouthed military guy rosita's his
cool sexy girlfriend eugene apparently is a top
scientist who abraham's taken to dc to help cure
the zombie apocalypse but it's like really the
guy with the mullet long story short all our
groups find maps to terminus and reunite there
it's a happy friendly place here have a burger i
promise we aren't cannibals turns out though they
are cannibals and our group's on the menu so in
season 5 things look bleak as our group's about to
be butchered but at the last second boom explosion
yes carol and tyrese were late to the party and
quickly discerned the situation so carol goes full
commando mode and single-handedly bloom blasts a
hole in terminus that's just the distraction our
group needed they all escape and leave terminus
a smoking ruin so are groups back on the road
pretty soon they find a priest father gabriel
who's got a nice secluded church with a bunch
of canned food right then though terminus comes
back for revenge but our group takes them out
immediately abraham tells the rest of the group
about their mission how eugene's a top scientist
they have to get to dc and he can cure the zombie
apocalypse and it's like wow this is great this
must be the start of the main plot where our group
saves the world our group splits up for now though
because they have to go save beth beth was brought
to a hospital where doctors and cops are still
playing dress-up but this place is also secretly
devious and she's a prisoner here very long story
short they do a hostage exchange but beth's like
hey you're evil and stabs her then oh get shot
in the head no they were so close r.i.p beth the
dc mission's also a failure they immediately run
into car trouble and pretty soon eugene is forced
to admit he's not actually a top scientist he's
just a regular nerd when he saw this big beefy
guy used a bunch of big words to convince him to
be his bodyguard that's right curing the zombie
apocalypse is not where this show's going the
zombies are here to stay so now our group has no
clear destination they try this one neighborhood
where tyrese gets bit no they try to amputate but
it was too late to rip tyrese and now our group
has hit rock bottom no vehicles no food or water
wandering the earth without purpose or direction
the imagery of this shot exposes the duality of
the title the walking dead referring not just
to the reanimated corpses but to our survivors
themselves and in case you didn't pick up on that
rick says it five minutes later but now we meet
a stranger who's this nerdy justin timberlake
looking guy he's like hey guys my name's aaron
you can come join my nice safe community but
it's like no offense bub the last people who said
that tried to eat us but the group's got to check
it out and so we've made it to alexandria it's an
upscale virginia neighborhood that's been totally
unscathed because right at the beginning they
built giant walls and it's not run by cannibals
or an unhinged megalomaniac the leader is this
nice woman deanna she videotapes rick to document
his sexy apocalypse beard because this place was
designed to be self-sustaining it runs on its own
grid they've got power and water so yeah nothing
devious here just people that got really lucky
rick's like hey they're all soft if we don't
like how they do things we'll just take it
from them they had to turn in all their guns but
carol puts on an act as the meek housewife again
bakes cookies for everyone so no one suspects her
of unlocking the armory and stealing some back
carl's a teenager now and he meets a teenage girl
enid she came in from the outside too and is also
having trouble adjusting she has a motto jss just
survive somehow and so naturally these two form a
romance rick gets a love interest too but turns
out she has an abusive husband but rick's not
standing for that he's gonna murder this guy in
the town square deanna's like whoa rick we don't
do that here but rick pulls out a gun and gives
an unhinged rant about how they're all too soft
shane would be proud so michonne knocks him out
for his own good so diana wants to kick rick out
but father gabriel doesn't understand how locks
work so zombies get in but rick saves the day like
hey you guys need me just then randomly morgan
is back he's a pacifist now who's taking a bow
never to kill again so he fights with a stick the
least lethal of all weapons so season six begins
when our group finds a big zombie herd luckily
they've got a good plan on how to hurt it away
from alexandria but some loud noises draws the
herd right towards it cause alexandria is under
attack by a group of raiders called the wolf pack
rick gets back just in time but alexandria is
surrounded glenn is still out there trapped on a
dumpster but this guy opts for a quick death and
like a douchebag takes glenn down with him no not
glenn oh r.i.p glenn just kidding actually five
episodes later we find out glenn's okay he hid
under the dumpster some more of our crew is still
outside sasha and abraham start flirting in fact
soon they end up together abraham dumps rosita but
for now they find a rocket launcher daryl makes
friends with the married couple dwight and sherry
but they're on the run from another bad group
and decide to jack his motorcycle and crossbow
at alexandria the situation's grim brick and
family tried the old-fashioned guts trick to
try to sneak on out of there but it only works
if you act like a zombie and this kid draws too
much attention to himself gets eaten and then
rick's girlfriend screams too all her other son
blames rick so michonne's got to stab him but he
fires and hits carl in the eye coral so with the
stealth mission a complete failure it's time for
plan b kill all the zombies our group are pros
but they're getting overwhelmed luckily just then
the cavalry comes back with a convenient gas truck
and a rocket launcher luckily zombies are dumb
they all walk into the fire and alexandria is not
a smoking ruin they manage to rebuild carl's
fine too he gets to wear an eye patch now which
just makes him look cooler rick and michonne
living as platonic roommates but one day it's
not so platonic these two get it on and they're
together the rest of the series so life is good
for a bit and things are quiet but soon we meet a
new character who's a kung fu master people call
him jesus for obvious reasons he's a friendly guy
and he's here as an envoy from another survivor's
community the hilltop they've got a lot of food
but they don't have any guns and there's a gang
who calls themselves the saviors that are taking
half their stuff every week rick's like hey no
sweat my people are very good at killing so they
go to the savior outpost and slaughter them all
but soon after the road is blocked by a couple
more saviors and turns out every road is blocked
by even more saviors this gang might be bigger
than we thought soon our group is surrounded
on their knees in the woods and it's time to meet
the big man himself it's negan he wears a leather
jacket and carries a baseball bat loose seal he's
a smiley charismatic type of psychopath and man
does he love to hear himself talk he explains he's
not going to kill them all he needs them alive so
he can take half their stuff every week but to
make a point he's got to kill one of them right
now he's going to pick randomly and season 6 ends
on a cliffhanger we don't see who it is but you're
watching the recap you don't have to wait to find
out that he picks abraham no oh r.i.p abraham
daryl's not having this he tries to fight back
but that's against the rules and for his insolence
sneakin's gonna kill another one no glenn no not
glenn he was the best of us been around since
episode one and his wife maggie is pregnant
but negan don't care he kills him brutally
and so in season seven they spend the first half
of the season at the mercy of negan's whims you
never know if he's gonna cook you spaghetti or
cut your guts out but finally rick has had enough
it's time to fight back the leader of hilltop is
this slimy politician gregory but the people of
hilltop find a new leader in maggie yeah she's
been living there since she was pregnant and
they had a doctor and she's proven herself to be
leadership material but we'll need more allies
for this fight so it's time to meet the kingdom
so named because their leader is the king king
ezekiel who's really committed to the character of
a fantasy king jerry is his best friend and loyal
bodyguard who's just having fun with it his other
bodyguard is shiva his pet tiger carol's like what
show am i on ezekiel's actually a normal chill
dude though he just used to do community theater
and was a zookeeper and he's got a crush on carol
eventually these two get together but the kingdom
is also under the thumb of the saviors and so
long story short rick convinces them to join
them there's also oceanside a coastal community of
all women because the saviors killed all their men
so now they don't like strangers long story short
tara befriends them although they don't actually
agree to help fight our group kind of just
takes their guns then there's the trash people
a bunch of goths who live in the dump and have
very quickly developed their own strange culture
but rick eventually convinces them to join too
now the savior home base is a big scary industrial
building called the sanctuary daryl is a prisoner
there for a while and soon negan takes eugene too
earlier he found out that eugene's a smartypants
who knows how to manufacture bullets he wants
eugene to make bullets for him but ideally not as
a prisoner as a full-blown member of negan's gang
with all the rights and privileges that entails
when eugene sees the price of disloyalty he's
like yup negan i'm in all the way and he starts
to really enjoy his position of power as chief
engineer another of negan's top lieutenants is
dwight the guy who stole daryl's motorcycle and
crossbow apparently negan caught them and forced
jerry to become one of his wives and ex-boyfriends
of negan's wives get hot ironed to the face so
that's what happened to dwight obviously dwight
hates negan but he's been broken there's nothing
left in him but obedience but one day sherry
escapes so dwight goes back to their home but
she's left him a note i didn't know if you turned
me back into negan so i'm not here and it's tragic
cause he wasn't gonna he brought beer and pretzels
like they always said they would so after this
dwight finds our crew like hey negan's gotta go
down i'll be your man on the inside so soon negan
rolls up in force to punish their disobedience
sasha was captured earlier so he threatens to
execute her but well she's already dead yeah
she pleaded to eugene for help but the help he
gave her was a suicide pill but she figured what
the heck i'll turn myself into a weapon and oh
she almost gets negan r.i.p sasha but now rick
has the trash people on his side but oh they
double-cross him negan made him a better offer
and so once again rick is on his knees and to
teach him a lesson this time negan's gonna kill
carl but oh tiger attack yes hilltop in the
kingdom arrive just in time chase negan off
for now and now the triple alliance is ready for
all-out war so in season 8 it's zombie apocalypse
warfare time which sometimes involves just wasting
a lot of bullets but there's other cool stuff like
armored cars and using zombie herds against your
enemies it's kind of a convoluted season a lot
of back and forth but the most noteworthy things
the king's tiger dies shiva father gabriel loses
sight in one eye and morgan gives up on his no
killing bow he starts killing everyone again maybe
there's a middle ground there but the biggest
loss of them all is carl he got bit no coal
yes even though he's a seasoned zombie killer
now it's always dangerous sometimes you get bit
r.i.p carl now they still have dwight as an inside
man and one day he leaked some plans but turns out
negan knew he was a traitor and gave him fake
plans so our group walks into an ambush and are
totally surrounded now the saviors have plenty of
bullets left because eugene's been manufacturing
them but now at the last battle they all backfire
yes eugene finally grew a spine and a conscience
and saved the day so our group easily wins the
day rick has his final showdown with negan the
question is what to do with the other saviors but
rick goes into mercy mode gives an impassioned
speech about how the living need to stick together
because the real enemy is the dead and indeed many
of these saviors become valued members of the
group like this nice guy alden in fact rick lets
negan live too yeah he sentences him to prison for
life to prove that they're the good guys morgan
renews his vows of non-violence and decides to
cross over to fear the walking dead and become the
new main character over there and dwight goes back
to find that sherry liked his offering of beer and
pretzels she says come find me so they go off to
fear too so in season nine the good guys won and
the future looks bright maggie though is not happy
that negan's still alive she's gonna kill him but
when she sees how much he hates being locked up
she's like never mind i'm gonna leave you here
to rot so life in the zombie apocalypse is pretty
good now with all the communities working together
until the bridge that connects them all finally
collapses so rick has got to lead a massive
construction project one day though rick runs
into some zombie trouble and oh ends up in a
bad situation trying to make it home but instead
he leads the horde right to the bridge he's gotta
stop him from crossing so the dynamite he's gonna
take the shot oh rick grimes boom blows the bridge
and himself up all the ultimate sacrifice to save
the communities miraculously though rick survives
and in fact he's found just then by the leader
of the trash people jadis there's been a whole
mystery with her she's in communication with
some super group that has helicopters in fear
the walking dead and the world beyond we learn
a little bit about this group the civic republic
military the crm they're gonna give her a ride in
exchange for a prisoner so she's like well that
was a freebie so rick grimes our main character
flying off the show on a helicopter off to a
whole new series of adventures in theoretically
his own spin-off movies we immediately cut to a
whole new group of characters having some zombie
trouble when they're saved by a little girl
with rick and carl's sheriff's hat yes this is
a grown-up judith grimes we've had a time jump
alexandria is still prospering they have a
windmill now but they're not very friendly
these days they went through some bad stuff during
the time jump in fact they've been out of contact
with the other communities rick's bridge was never
rebuilt this new group is magna the hot-headed one
yumiko the cool level-headed one incidentally
these two are dating there's also connie who's
deaf and her sister kelly and luke the funny
music nerd they quickly proved themselves to
be capable survivors and yeah they're fighting
with slingshots and bow and arrows eugene's
bullet factory didn't work out i guess and now a
decade after the start of the zombie apocalypse
there's no ammo left there's also no gas left we
don't do cars anymore we're riding horses over at
the kingdom carol has grown out long hair and is
officially married to king ezekiel they adopted
this kid henry who's been training in morgan's
way of the stick but the kingdom is starting to
fall apart ezekiel's trying to organize an inner
community fair to bring everyone back together so
carol and henry go on an adventure and their first
stop is the old hermit of the woods obi-wan daryl
kenobi he never stopped looking for rick grimes
he's been living out here by himself this whole
time well not totally by himself because he has
a dog now named dog eventually we get a flashback
to see how they met he belonged to a woman leia
and she and daryl fell in love but one day she
too disappeared without a trace maybe that'll
come up later now the hilltop is also thriving
but maggie's not the leader anymore in fact she
left the show she met a woman named georgie who's
apparently an expert on medieval technologies and
drives around the country teaching people how to
build windmills and stuff maggie was like hey
i could use a change of scenery i'm coming with
you and big bad negan is not very scary anymore
he's befriended young judith grimes and is just
the funny man that lives under the stairs but in
six years no one taught father gabriel how to lock
a gate and so one day the negan is friggin
he goes on a bit of a walkabout but realizes
there's nothing out here for him anymore he just
goes back to his cell later during a blizzard he
risks his life to save judith and dog yes negan is
trying for a redemption arc now the main problem
this season begins when rosita and eugene run
into a zombie herd but this is no normal herd
because the zombies are whispering to each
other smart talking zombies are they evolving
what the butt our crew ends up cornered in a
cemetery and they are expert zombie slayers but
not when they dodge then stab you with a knife
all these new walkers are terrifying turns out
though they're not smart evolved walkers they are
just people who wear zombie masks yes this group
is called the whisperers and they've taken the
guts trick to the extreme they wear zombie faces
and live among them full time luckily they're a
lot less scary when they don't have the element
of surprise and soon our group takes one prisoner
this young girl named lydia she's like hey please
don't send me back they are awful especially their
leader my mother alpha she's a cult leader like
figure who's been completely broken by the zombie
apocalypse and eventually we learn the whispers
have no reasonable motivation their motto is we
are the end of the world alpha has completely rid
herself of human emotions in fact she's abusive
to her daughter to make her stronger but daryl's
not gonna stand for that he's leading a rescue
mission with stickboy henry who in a very quick
time formed a romance with lydia so on the day of
the inter-community fair everyone's having a great
time including some whisperers in disguise they
end up capturing a bunch of our group and reveal
their true power alpha has a absolutely massive
zombie horde that her people are controlling she's
like look if you guys cross into our territory
we'll unleash it on ya and to mark the border of
that territory heads on pikes yes alpha killed
like a dozen minor characters in one fell swoop
but also some bigger ones like enid yeah carl's
old girlfriend who's an adult now and started
dating nice savior alvin r.i.p enid and tara who's
been around for a long time now and grew into the
leader of hilltop r.i.p tara and say it ain't so
it's stick boy henry tennis years after carol lost
sofia she's right back here again so now in season
10 our group is at the mercy of the whisperers for
now they seem to have a cold war standoff kind of
tense peace but more bad things start happening is
this coincidence or is it the whisperers leads
to unrest in the community silence the whispers
graffiti a lot of this hate is unfairly directed
at lydia so she goes to another outcast for advice
it's negan yes he's allowed out of his cell these
days for good behavior and he really befriends
lydia here becomes her uncle negan one night some
people try to kill lydia but negan's there to save
her unfortunately he pushed this one way too hard
and killed her that definitely violates his parole
the council votes to finally just execute him but
before they can someone's let him out of his cell
negan is friggin once again and now he goes to
alpha like hey they were going to execute me
let me join you although negan's not a good
fit for the whisperers this guy really loves
to hear himself talk back at alexandria there's
a new baby yes it's rosita's she's dating father
gabriel these days and somewhere along the line he
became kind of a badass but father gabriel is not
the father it's actually siddique who rosita was
dating before him he's alexandria's doctor and a
real good guy but he's been having ptsd lately
because he was with the whisperers when they
beheaded everyone and made him watch luckily a new
doctor joined the group this nice guy dante who's
here to help out but when dante comes to comfort
him he does the tongue click tick which sadiq
remembers the whisperer that was holding him down
also did dante's an undercover whisperer and he
kills him are a piece of deak one day this season
michonne meets this guy virgil who's like hey
i've got an island off the coast with a bunch of
weapons that can help you fight the whisperers but
long story short he has no weapons he's crazy but
michonne does find a cell phone that apparently
belongs to rick grimes the first clue they've had
in all this time so michonne says goodbye to her
stepdaughter judith and her and rick's son rick jr
all so cute mama's going back into badass mode to
bring your daddy home and so michonne leaves the
show to go find rick which now just leaves bffs
daryl and carol as the last two standing from
the first three seasons this season carol wants
revenge on alpha for killing henry and makes some
pretty reckless moves while trying to kill her
one day she chases alpha who leads our group down
into a mine shaft where she is hiding her massive
zombie horde our group finds the exit but carol
plants some dynamite which does not destroy the
herd but does trap magna and connie this is sad
for daryl he and connie had been really hitting
it off she does make it out by the end of the
season but our group doesn't find her yet and
now finally the time has come alpha's unleashing
her full horde whisperer negan has quickly risen
the ranks in fact one day she's like hey man want
a bang he's like well it's been a while i'm in but
tell me you're taking the zombie mask off and she
does not so yeah that happens and now it's time
for the battle of hilltop the commander is aaron
yeah remember nerdy justin timberlake well he lost
a boyfriend then lost an arm so he's had a drastic
transformation now with a sexy apocalypse beard
and a medieval weapon for an arm and yeah without
guns our group goes full game of thrones they're
putting up a valiant fight but the whispers make
tree sap bombs and leave hilltop a smoking ruin
after the battle alpha finally lets her guard
down around which is just what he was waiting
for because negan oh assassinates alpha sorry
girl you're kinda hot but you're too crazy and
he delivers her head to the person who let him out
of a cell just for this purpose it's carol yeah
this was part of her long game to finally avenge
henry and negan was hoping to earn some points on
his redemption arc so he could be an accepted part
of the group anyone who was there will never fully
forgive him but at least they accept he's on their
side for now but alpha had a right-hand man this
giant beta who is an absolute monster so he rounds
up the zombie horde and is coming for revenge
it's the whisperers round two beta boogaloo
he goes into alexandria with no resistance
our group evacuated to a more defensible location
pretty soon he tracks them down and so they make
their final stand things look bleak but some
reinforcements arrived who's this crazy ninja
guy in a mask turns out he's a new friend of
maggie yes she's back on the show it's a long
story short daryl kills beta and they lead the
horde off a cliff the whisperers are defeated but
life goes on there's always new problems eugene
had been reaching out on the radio looking for
other communities and one day someone answers and
it sounds like a hot girl yeah eugene has a new
radio girlfriend stephanie and they make plans to
meet up so he recruits a few chaperones into the
booty call crew along the way they meet a zany new
character princess who is a little bit crazy but
very nice and friendly but eugene's lady love does
not arrive instead our group's ambushed by a bunch
of stormtroopers what they're taken prisoner by
this advanced new group maggie has some troubles
of her own she's on the run from a group called
the reapers and when she sees that negan is out
of his cell she is not happy about that because of
course he killed her husband glenn but negan these
days seems to regret all the bad things he did
he wants to be a good guy and so what new threats
will our survivors face in season 11 how will
this journey come to an end find out on the epic
final season of the walking dead and the best
way to watch this new season of the walking dead
is on amc plus season 11 begins on august 22nd
but the first episode is dropping a week early
on amc plus only august 15th then watch each new
episode of the intense final season three days
ahead of the sunday air time on thursday be part
of the early crew who's right on the cutting edge
of the walking dead content stream it from any
device ad free you know the drill this is the
best way to watch so go ahead and click my link
in the description to start your free trial of
amc plus now and join in for the beginning of
the end the final season of the walking dead
if you like this recap hit that subscribe button
for more of the best recaps of tv and movies and
if you love this recap check out the join
button and support the channel as a member